updated task instructions (#1)
seetreat/seetreat_algo_task: README.md

# seetreat_coding_task

> Your task is to write a code capable of identifying stop signs in an image. There are three images in the folder called `test_images`, order in order of how challening they are. You can stop after your code works for the first image, or keep going if you're enjoying the challenge!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your task is to write code capable of identifying stop signs in an image. There are three images in the folder called `test_images`, ordered by how challenging they are. You can stop after your code works for the first image, or keep going if you're enjoying the challenge!
```

> - Solutions are welcome in python or c++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Solutions are welcome in Python or C++
```

> - the use of third party libraries is heavily encouraged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The use of third-party libraries is heavily encouraged
```

- We will be attempting to use this code, so you should write documentation accordingly. 

> - we are just as interested in how well the code is structured as we are in how well it performs - think about things like "how easy would this be to extend?" "How easy would this be to test?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We are just as interested in how well the code is structured as we are in how well it performs. Consider things like: “How easy would this be to extend?” and “How easy would this be to test?
```

- Bonus points for adding at least one test case using an automated test framework.

## sharing the task

> Make a new **private** repository and place. When you are ready, please add the following people as colloborators:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a new **private** repository and push your code there. When you are ready, please add the following people as collaborators:
```

- `brendan-whelan-seetreat`

> - `adamy-mylonas-seetreat`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `adam-mylonas-seetreat`
```

> - `lars-mejnersen-seetreat`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lars-mejnertsen-seetreat`
```
